Oh, God, God!
What do you think you're doing?
She's playing my role.
Carla, what the hell was that that wasn't even in the script?
I was just adding some extra touch to it.
You know?
The sake of art.
Art?
The slap doesn't make any sense.
Who gave you the authority to change my script?
It's fine.
She can hit me.
Velma, are you sure about this?
It's all good if it's all for the sake of the effect.
I knew I was right. I'm choosing you as my name.
Okay, okay. Back to one, please.
Yes, thank you. Keep it in my script.
And action.
You have to leave now.
Not without the love of my life.
I'll wait for him no matter what.
Edward, good to see you here.
Were you watching me?
Me and Velma make a perfecty no way.
Jay, have these two switch roles.
I want Velma to do the slapping,
since it's all for the sake of art.